README.md, before:

## 👋 Hi, I'm Thomas Losseau

⚒️ Incomplete engineer  
🪂 Former paracommando NCO  
🏊‍♂️ Triathlon coach  
💻 Back in the tech game — exploring dev, hardware & systems  

---

## 🚀 About Me
I’m diving back into tech to work between software, hardware, and infrastructure.  
I love building tools that make life easier, even if it means recreating an app to fit my needs and learn the process.  

---

## 🛠️ Current Project
- 🏊 Automated triathlon coaching tool  
Generates workouts from my planning so I can focus on coaching athletes rather than writing programs manually. I just have to review and adapt based on their condition and fatigue.  

---

## 📈 Goals
- Rebuild my Dev skills  
- Explore AI & automation  
- Learn systems, networking & infra  
- Combine software & hardware experiments  
<!--
---

## ⚙️ Tech Stack
C | Python | JavaScript | SQL | Git | Docker | Linux | TensorFlow | PyTorch

<!--
**thomaslosseau/thomaslosseau** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->

Commit message:

Update README with new project interest
Added a line to show interest for new projects and opportunities in tech.

README.md, after:

## 👋 Hi, I'm Thomas Losseau

⚒️ Incomplete engineer  
🪂 Former paracommando NCO  
🏊‍♂️ Triathlon coach  
💻 Back in the tech game — exploring dev, hardware & systems  

---

## 🚀 About Me
I’m diving back into tech to work between software, hardware, and infrastructure.  
I love building tools that make life easier, even if it means recreating an app to fit my needs and learn the process.  
Looking forward to interesting projects and opportunities in tech.  

---

## 🛠️ Current Project
- 🏊 Automated triathlon coaching tool  
Generates workouts from my planning so I can focus on coaching athletes rather than writing programs manually. I just have to review and adapt based on their condition and fatigue.  

---

## 📈 Goals
- Rebuild my Dev skills  
- Explore AI & automation  
- Learn systems, networking & infra  
- Combine software & hardware experiments  
<!--
---

## ⚙️ Tech Stack
C | Python | JavaScript | SQL | Git | Docker | Linux | TensorFlow | PyTorch

<!--
**thomaslosseau/thomaslosseau** is a ✨ _special_ ✨ repository because its `README.md` (this file) appears on your GitHub profile.

Here are some ideas to get you started:

- 🔭 I’m currently working on ...
- 🌱 I’m currently learning ...
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on ...
- 🤔 I’m looking for help with ...
- 💬 Ask me about ...
- 📫 How to reach me: ...
- 😄 Pronouns: ...
- ⚡ Fun fact: ...
-->
